"Study ID:"
"Age:"
"Gender:"
"Race:"
"Ethnicity:"
"Type of Cancer:"
"Cancer Stage:"
"Date:"
"Location:"
"Does the cancer type (by clinical notes or pathology report) match the cancer type by registry data pull?"
"Does the diagnosis date (by clinical notes or pathology report) match the date by registry data pull? (+/- 30 days)"
"New diagnosis of study cancer at the given date?"
"Recurrence of prior cancer (same cancer type)? E.g., if colorectal cancer was found on the listed diagnosis date, is this finding a recurrence of prior colorectal cancer? Normal status should be 'No,' meaning the diagnosis date is for first-time cancer diagnosis."
"Is the stage data recorded at all in the clinical notes?"
"Does the stage as per chart review (if recorded) match the stage per registry?"
"Was a colonoscopy screening performed prior to index visit?"
"When was the colonoscopy performed (most recent)?"
"What were the results of the colonoscopy?"
"Did the patient decline screening colonoscopies in the past?"
"Prior to index presentation, were there any cancer signals (important/relevant findings)?"
"Were there multiple cancer signals?"
"What was the earliest cancer signal recorded?"
"Other(Specify):...23"
"When was it recorded?"
"When was cancer-related diagnostic evaluation initiated?"
"When was the evaluation completed?"
"Was a cancer diagnosis considered at the time of the earliest cancer signal?"
"Is there any evidence of the patient receiving care for the study cancer outside this healthcare system?"
"Is there a missed opportunity (in general) in this case?"
"Was there a delay (>7 days) in requesting follow-up for any of the cancer signals that the patient presented with?"
"Was there a delay (>60 days) in completing requested follow-up for the cancer signal?"
"Patient: (choice=Delay in seeking care)"
"Patient: (choice=Lack of adherence to appointments)"
"Patient: (choice=Other)"
"Other(Specify):...35"
"Patient-Provider Encounter: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with history)"
"Patient-Provider Encounter: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with physical exam)"
"Patient-Provider Encounter: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems ordering diagnostic tests for further work up)"
"Patient-Provider Encounter: (select all that apply) (choice=Failure to review previous documentation)"
"Patient-Provider Encounter: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with data integration and interpretation)"
"Patient-Provider Encounter: (select all that apply) (choice=Other)"
"Other(Specify):...42"
"Diagnostic Tests: (select all that apply) (choice=Ordered test not performed at all)"
"Diagnostic Tests: (select all that apply) (choice=Ordered tests not performed correctly)"
"Diagnostic Tests: (select all that apply) (choice=Performed tests not interpreted correctly)"
"Diagnostic Tests: (select all that apply) (choice=Misidentification)"
"Diagnostic Tests: (select all that apply) (choice=Other)"
"Other(Specify):...48"
"Follow-up and Tracking: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with timely follow-up of abnormal diagnostic test results)"
"Follow-up and Tracking: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with scheduling of appropriate and/or timely follow-up visits)"
"Follow-up and Tracking: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with diagnostic specialties returning test results to clinicians)"
"Follow-up and Tracking: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with clinicians reviewing test results)"
"Follow-up and Tracking: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with clinicians documenting action or response to test results)"
"Follow-up and Tracking: (select all that apply) (choice=Problems with monitoring patients through follow-up)"
"Follow-up and Tracking: (select all that apply) (choice=Other)"
"Other(Specify):...56"
"Referrals: (select all that apply) (choice=Problem initiating referral)"
"Referrals: (select all that apply) (choice=Lack of appropriate actions on requested consultation)"
"Referrals: (select all that apply) (choice=Communication breakdown from consultant to referring provider)"
"Referrals: (select all that apply) (choice=Other)"
"Other(Specify):...61"
"Conclusion    Short case summary and any other comments:"
"cancer_type"
"site"
